README.md, before:

# Maths Helper

A simple python script that helps you with basic math questions.

## It helps you with:
- Calculator
   Basic Operations
    - Addition
    - Subtraction
    - Multiplication
    - Division
- Square and Cube Root
    Random Number
    - 24 (Example)
- Perimeter and Area
    Shapes
    - Rectangle
    - Square
    - Circle
    - Triangle
    - Paralellogram
- Hypotenuse, Altitude and Base
    2 Random Numbers
    - 24 and 48 (Example)
- LCM and HCF
    2 Random Numbers
    - 24 and 48 (Example)


## How to use the script

When it asks for a command, Your options are `calculator`, `perimeter`, `area`, `square`, `square root`, `cube root` `quit`, `hyp`, `alt`, `base`, `lcm`, `hcf`.
The operations for `calculator` are `+` (Addition), `-` (Subtraction), `*` (Multiplication), `/` (Division) and `%` (Remainder).

When it asks for shapes, your options are `Square`, `Rectangle`, `Circle`, `Triangle` and `Parallelogram`  length/breadth/side/radius/diameter/base in `perimeter` or `area` just input a random number I guess its not that hard.

For `Square Root`, `Square` and `Cube Root` it's basically just the same thing, enter a number.

For `Hyp` (Hypotenuse), you can just input the altitude and base of the triangle and it should give you the hypotenuse of them.

For `Alt` (Altitude), you can just input the hypotenuse and base of the triangle and it should give you the altitude of them.

For `Base` you can just input the hypotenuse and the altitude of the triangle and it should give you the base of them.

For `HCF` just type in 2 numbers and it should output the HCF of those 2 numbers. 

For `LCM` just type in 2 numbers and it should output the LCM of those 2 numbers. 

If you would like to go back to the previous question that the script asked, just type `..`, similar to changing directories in terminal.

You can also `quit` at any point while using the script if you would like to stop. Just type `quit`.

## Examples
```
What do you want me to do? calculator
Operation? *
First Number? 12
Second Number? 4
The Answer is: 48
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? area
Square or Rectangle or Circle or Triangle or Parallelogram? square
What is the side of the square? 6
The Answer is: 36
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? square root
What is the number you want to find the square root of? 16
The Answer is: 4
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? perimeter
Square or Rectangle or Circle or Triangle or Parallelogram? quit
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? hyp
What is the altitude? 15
What is the base? 15
The Answer Is: 21.213203435596427
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? perimeter
Square or Rectangle or Circle or Triangle or Parallelogram? circle
What is the radius of the circle? 10
The Answer Is: 314.1592653589793
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? perimeter
Square or Rectangle or Circle or Triangle or Parallelogram? ..
(It goes back to it's old question.) What do you want me to do? q ("quit")
*Program Exits*
```

If it doesn't work, then

## L.

Also don't type any text in areas where you aren't supposed to. It's just not gonna end well.

Commit message:

added VOLUME and EXAMPLE to readme

README.md, after:

# Maths Helper

A simple python script that helps you with basic math questions.

## It helps you with:
- Calculator
   Basic Operations
    - Addition
    - Subtraction
    - Multiplication
    - Division
- Square and Cube Root
    Random Number
    - 24
- Perimeter and Area
    Shapes
    - Rectangle
    - Square
    - Circle
    - Triangle
    - Paralellogram
- Volume
    Shapes
    - Cube
    - Cuboid
    - Sphere
    - Triangular Prism
- Hypotenuse, Altitude and Base
    2 Random Numbers
    - 24 and 48
- LCM and HCF
    2 Random Numbers
    - 24 and 48


## How to use the script

When it asks for a command, Your options are `calculator`, `perimeter`, `area`, `volume`, `square`, `square root`, `cube root` `quit`, `hyp`, `alt`, `base`, `lcm`, `hcf`.
The operations for `calculator` are `+` (Addition), `-` (Subtraction), `*` (Multiplication), `/` (Division) and `%` (Remainder).

When it asks for shapes (in perimeter and area), your options are `Square`, `Rectangle`, `Circle`, `Triangle` and `Parallelogram`  length/breadth/side/radius/diameter/base in `perimeter` or `area` just input a random number I guess its not that hard.

For `Volume`, based on the 3D object that you choose, you can input the numbers and it should work.

For `Square Root`, `Square` and `Cube Root` it's basically just the same thing, enter a number.

For `Hyp` (Hypotenuse), you can just input the altitude and base of the triangle and it should give you the hypotenuse of them.

For `Alt` (Altitude), you can just input the hypotenuse and base of the triangle and it should give you the altitude of them.

For `Base` you can just input the hypotenuse and the altitude of the triangle and it should give you the base of them.

For `HCF` just type in 2 numbers and it should output the HCF of those 2 numbers. 

For `LCM` just type in 2 numbers and it should output the LCM of those 2 numbers. 

If you would like to go back to the previous question that the script asked, just type `..`, similar to changing directories in terminal.

You can also `quit` at any point while using the script if you would like to stop. Just type `quit`.

## Examples
```
What do you want me to do? calculator
Operation? *
First Number? 12
Second Number? 4
The Answer is: 48
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? area
Square or Rectangle or Circle or Triangle or Parallelogram? square
What is the side of the square? 6
The Answer is: 36
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? square root
What is the number you want to find the square root of? 16
The Answer is: 4
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? perimeter
Square or Rectangle or Circle or Triangle or Parallelogram? quit
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? volume
Cube or Cuboid or Sphere or Triangular Prism? Press Q to quit. Triangular Prism (you can also use tp for short.)
What is the base side 1 of the triaprism? 15
What is the base side 2 of the triaprism? 15
What is the base side 3 of the triaprism? 15
What is the height of the triaprism? 15
The Answer Is: 1461.4178688862403 cubic unit(s)
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? hyp
What is the altitude? 15
What is the base? 15
The Answer Is: 21.213203435596427
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? perimeter
Square or Rectangle or Circle or Triangle or Parallelogram? circle
What is the radius of the circle? 10
The Answer Is: 314.1592653589793
*Program Exits*
```
Or

```
What do you want me to do? perimeter
Square or Rectangle or Circle or Triangle or Parallelogram? ..
(It goes back to it's old question.) What do you want me to do? q ("quit")
*Program Exits*
```

If it doesn't work, then

## L.

Also don't type any text in areas where you aren't supposed to. It's just not gonna end well.
